
011 Download-Docker-CE-for-Windows
https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-windows

011 Download-GitHub-Desktop
https://desktop.github.com/

011 Download-Visual-Studio-Code
https://code.visualstudio.com/

011 Download-cmder-optional-
http://cmder.net/

011 Docker-for-Windows-FAQ
https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/faqs/

011 Clone-this-GitHub-Repo
https://github.com/BretFisher/udemy-docker-mastery.git

011 Tab-Completion-for-Windows-PowerShell
https://github.com/matt9ucci/DockerCompletion

011 Getting-Started-with-Docker-for-Windows
https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/

012 Download-Docker-CE-for-Mac
https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac

012 Download-GitHub-Desktop
https://desktop.github.com/

012 Download-iTerm2
https://www.iterm2.com/

012 Download-Visual-Studio-Code
https://code.visualstudio.com/

012 Installing-Homebrew-the-brew-CLI-
https://brew.sh/

012 Clone-This-GitHub-Repo
https://github.com/BretFisher/udemy-docker-mastery.git

012 Logs-and-troubleshooting-Docker-for-Mac
https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/troubleshoot/

012 Docs-Configure-shell-completion-on-Mac
https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/#install-shell-completion

013 Download-GitHub-Desktop
https://desktop.github.com/

013 Download-Visual-Studio-Code
https://code.visualstudio.com/

013 Download-cmder-optional-
http://cmder.net/

013 Download-Docker-Toolbox
https://docs.docker.com/toolbox/overview/

013 Clone-this-GitHub-Repo
https://github.com/BretFisher/udemy-docker-mastery.git

014 Download-Docker-CE-for-your-Linux-distribution
https://store.docker.com

014 Download-Visual-Studio-Code
https://code.visualstudio.com

014 Download-Docker-Compose
https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/

014 Download-Docker-Machine
https://docs.docker.com/machine/install-machine/

014 Clone-This-GitHub-Repo
https://github.com/BretFisher/udemy-docker-mastery.git
